---
title: "[ENG]M3U2"
categories:
  - English
tags:
  - study
last_modified_at: 2020-03-09T314:23:48-05:00
---

NO SUMMARY

***

## WORDS

1. occupy
    1. 占领，占据
    2. 占用（时间空间）
    3. 担任职务
    4. 忙于某事
        * occupy sb./oneself in doing sth./with sth.
        * be occupied in doing sth./with sth.
    * n. occupation
    * person. occupier
2. mixture 
    * v. mix 混合/混淆
        1. 拌合，搞糊涂:I was all mixed up
    * have a mixture of good luck and bad luck
3. contribution
    * make a contribution /contributions to (doing) sth
    * v. contribute
        * contribute to=give rise to=bring about
4. entire
    * adj. entirely
5. replace
    * replace A with B
    * replace A=take A’s place=take the place of A
    * n. replacement
6. raise-raised 不能与up连用
    * raise one’s view
    * rise-rose-risen 无被动 不能与up连用
7. therefore
    1. 因此=so=thus
        * thus doing 结果状语：He didn’t come,(thus) making it necessary for us to find out what happened.
    * 句中:They therefore can learn English.
    * 插入语:Many restaurants,therefore,have red furniture or walls
8. distinction n. 区别，特质，荣誉，卓越
    * make/draw a distinction between A and B
    * the distinction of
    * without distinction毫无区别，一视同仁
    * What is the distinction between A and B?
    * adj. distinct 明显的，不同的
        * be distinct from 与…不同
        * a distinct smell 明显的气味 
9. concern
    1. n.关心，忧虑show concern for(about)/rise concern about (for)
    2. v.涉及，关系到be concern with (in)
    3. v.使担忧，使挂念 be concerned about (for)
    * as far as ... be concerned 就…而言
    * prep. concerning =about
    * adj. concerned 担心的，忧虑的
10. ban-banned-banned v.
    * ban sth./doing sth.
    * ban sb. form doing th.
    * n. 禁令 (on)
11. access n. (to)
    * sb. have access to sth.
    * v. 进入，使用
    * adj. accessible可接近的，可到达的: sth. be accessible to sb.
12. character 
    1. 文字，符号
    2. 人的品质，性格/事物的特性
    3. 小说的人物，角色
13. embarrass 
    * sth. embarrass sb.
    * adj. embrrassed :sb. feel/be embarrassed about sth.
    * n. embarrassment:much to sb’s embarrassment
14. conclusion
    * in conclusion = in a word 总之
    * draw/reach/come to a conclusion
    * v. conclude
    * adj. conclusive决定性的
15. interrupt
    1. 打断，插嘴
    2. 暂停，中断
    * n. interruption
16. differ
    * A differ from B
    * differ in
    * differ from... in
    * v. differentiate
        * differentiate (between) A and B
        * differentiate A from B
    * n. difference
        * make a/no difference to
17. deed
    * do good deeds
18. represent
    1. 代表，象征
    2. 展示，描绘
    * represent... as
19. combine 
    * combine A with B
    * n. combination
20. distinguish
    1. 区分，辨别
    * distinguish A from B
    * distinguish A and B
    * tell A from B
    * be distinguished from
    2. 使具有某种特征
    * be distinguished by
    * be distinguished for=be famous for
21. convenient 方便的；附近的 opp. inconvenient 
    * be convenient for/to ...
    * think it convenient to do sth.
    * If (it is) convenient
    * n. convenience
        * at your convenience
        * for the convenience of sb.
22. drag-dragged-dragged
23. indicate 象征；预示；暗示；指出

***

## PHRASES

1. be made up of
    * consist of
    * be composed of
2. consist with 一致；相符 =agree with
    * consist in 存于 =lie in
3. except for + n.(句首)
4. lead to sb. doing
5. play a part in 
6. A differ (greatly) from B in...
7. sb. differentiate (between) A and B/A frpm B 
    * sb. make a distinction between A and B
    * sb. distinguish between A and B/A from B/A and B apart
8. stand out (as...from/among)
9. stand up for one's right/oneself
10. satnd by
11. as a whole
    * On the whole
    * Generally speaking
    * In general
12. be opposite to
13. have widespread use
    * be widely used
    * be in widespread use
14. introduce sb. to sth.
15. as a result of 
    * due to
    * thanks to
16. cause sb. to do 
    * contribute to
    * result in
17. sb. ought to do 
18. make up for 弥补
19. make out 辨别出/理解
20. aside from=apart from=except
